readme.md, before:

# Hello i am Prathmesh Kamble

## HTML+Js Projects

### Project 1: My Portfolio

This project is fully developed in core HTML and Semantic Tags in HTML to ensure SEO friendly 
[My Portfolio](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/html/portofolio_project/index.html "My Portfolio")


### Project 2: Bulb Project
This project is developed using HTML,CSS and JS. in this section we use DOM manipulation to achieve perticular task
[Bulb Project](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/bulb%20project/index.html "DOM Projects")


### Project 3: To-Do-List
This project is developed to perform to simple curd operation and to monitoring tasks
[To-Do-App](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/to-do-app/index.html "Task schedular")

### Project 4: Menu-List
This is simple menu card where we can directly jumped to the specific link through id
[Menu List](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/html/onepage_menulist/index.html "Menu Card")


## CSS Projects

### Project 4: Parallax
This project full made in HTML CSS.
[Parallax](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/css/parallax_view/index.html "View Parallax")

***
### License
Contact Me on  [Twitter](https://x.com/PrathmeshNaray1?mx=2 "Twitter")

![twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/:PrathmeshNaray1)

Commit message:

Today i create a button color changer

readme.md, after:

# Hello i am Prathmesh Kamble

## HTML+CSS+JS Projects

### Project 1: My Portfolio

This project is fully developed in core HTML and Semantic Tags in HTML to ensure SEO friendly 
[My Portfolio](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/html/portofolio_project/index.html "My Portfolio")


### Project 2: Bulb Project
This project is developed using HTML,CSS and JS. in this section we use DOM manipulation to achieve perticular task
[Bulb Project](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/bulb%20project/index.html "DOM Projects")


### Project 3: To-Do-List
This project is developed to perform to simple curd operation and to monitoring tasks
[To-Do-App](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/to-do-app/index.html "Task schedular")

### Project 4: Menu-List
This is simple menu card where we can directly jumped to the specific link through id
[Menu List](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/html/onepage_menulist/index.html "Menu Card")

### Project 5: Parallax
This project full made in HTML CSS.
[Parallax](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/css/parallax_view/index.html "View Parallax")

### Project 6: Color Changer Button
This project full made in HTML CSS Js when u click on color button it will change the background of the color.
[ColorBtn](https://pktechnic.netlify.app/html/background_btn/index.html "Background color Changer using Button ")

***
### License
Contact Me on  [Twitter](https://x.com/PrathmeshNaray1?mx=2 "Twitter")

![twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/:PrathmeshNaray1)
